# python-api-challenge
This Weatherpy code uses the OpenWeatherMap API to retrieve weather data for a list of randomly generated cities. The citipy library is used to obtain the nearest city to the randomly generated latitude and longitude. Once the city is determined, it is used in the OpenWeatherMap API to retrieve weather data for the city. The weather data is then used to create scatter plots that show the relationship between the weather variables and latitude. from the output images we find that only the first scatter plot created shows the strong relationship between latitude and maximum temperature. The x-axis represents the latitude of the city, and the y-axis represents the maximum temperature of the city. The scatter plot shows a generally predictable relationship between latitude and maximum temperature, with temperatures being higher near the equator and decreasing as you move towards the poles.
The VacationPy involves visualizing weather data and finding hotels in ideal weather conditions. In the first step, the code imports necessary libraries, loads weather and coordinates data into a Pandas DataFrame, and creates a map showing each city's location with point size proportional to humidity. In the second step, the DataFrame is narrowed down to cities that meet specific weather criteria. In the third step, a new DataFrame is created to store information about hotels located near the cities that meet the ideal weather conditions. In the fourth step, the Geoapify API is used to find the nearest hotel for each city in the new DataFrame within a 10,000-meter radius. In the final step, the hotel information is added to the map as hover information for each city.
